Add "namespaces" guidance to library guidelines (#10818)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/library-guidelines.md

If, for some reason, you must read the application environment at compile time, use `Application.compile_env/2`. Read [the "Compile-time environment" section of the `Application` module documentation](Application.html#module-compile-time-environment) for more information.

### Avoid defining modules that are not in your "namespace"

> Even though Elixir does not formally have the concept of namespaces, a library should use its name as a "prefix" for all of its modules (except for special cases like mix tasks). For example if the library name is `MyLib`, then all of its modules should start with the `MyLib` prefix, for example `MyLib.User`, `MyLib.SubModule`, and `MyLib.Application`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though Elixir does not formally have the concept of namespaces, a library should use its name as a "prefix" for all of its modules (except for special cases like mix tasks). For example if the library's OTP application name is `:my_lib`, then all of its modules should start with the `MyLib` prefix, for example `MyLib.User`, `MyLib.SubModule`, and `MyLib.Application`.
```

> This is important because the BEAM can only load one instance of a module at a time. So if there are multiple libraries that define the same module, then they are incompatible with each other due to this limitation. By always using the library name as a prefix this is avoided since this avoids module name clashes due to the unique prefix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is important because the Erlang VM can only load one instance of a module at a time. So if there are multiple libraries that define the same module, then they are incompatible with each other due to this limitation. By always using the library name as a prefix, it avoids module name clashes due to the unique prefix.
```

Reviewer 3: Note that "BEAM" are used in other parts of this PR - so let's change it as well.

> By always using the library name as a prefix, it avoids module name clashes due to the unique prefix.

Probably we can make it simpler? 

> Using the library name as a prefix helps avoiding such module name clashes.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Furthermore, when writing a library that is extension of another library, you should avoid defining modules inside the parent's library namespace. For example, if you are writing a package that adds authentication to [`Plug`](https://github.com/elixir-plug/plug) called `plug_auth`, the modules should be namespaced under `PlugAuth` instead of `Plug.Auth`, so it avoid conflicts with `Plug` if it were to ever define its own authentication functionality.

```

If, for some reason, you must read the application environment at compile time, use `Application.compile_env/2`. Read [the "Compile-time environment" section of the `Application` module documentation](Application.html#module-compile-time-environment) for more information.

### Avoid defining modules that are not in your "namespace"

Even though Elixir does not formally have the concept of namespaces, a library should use its name as a "prefix" for all of its modules (except for special cases like mix tasks). For example if the library's OTP application name is `:my_lib`, then all of its modules should start with the `MyLib` prefix, for example `MyLib.User`, `MyLib.SubModule`, and `MyLib.Application`.

This is important because the Erlang VM can only load one instance of a module at a time. So if there are multiple libraries that define the same module, then they are incompatible with each other due to this limitation. By always using the library name as a prefix, it avoids module name clashes due to the unique prefix.

> Furthermore, when writing a library that is extension of another library, you should avoid defining modules inside the parent's library namespace. For example, if you are writing a package that adds authentication to [`Plug`](https://github.com/elixir-plug/plug) called `plug_auth`, the modules should be namespaced under `PlugAuth` instead of `Plug.Auth`, so it avoid conflicts with `Plug` if it were to ever define its own authentication functionality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore, when writing a library that is an extension of another library, you should avoid defining modules inside the parent's library namespace. For example, if you are writing a package that adds authentication to [`Plug`](https://github.com/elixir-plug/plug) called `plug_auth`, its modules should be namespaced under `PlugAuth` instead of `Plug.Auth`, so it avoid conflicts with `Plug` if it were to ever define its own authentication functionality.
```
